UWIERZYTELNIENIE
identyfikator
programowanie
system operacyjny
defragmentator
obszar roboczy
okno dialogowe
aktywne okno
pasek tytu³u
przyciski steruj¹ce oknem
minimalizacja
maksymalizacja
oprogramowanie
œrodowisko systemowe
system komputerowy
menu kontekstowe
menu podrêczne
siec komputerowa
poczta elektroniczna
komunikat internetowy
serwer pocztowy
u¿ytkownik sieci
serwer internetowy
wyszukiwarka
przegl¹darka internetowa
program antywirusowy
defragmentacja
urz¹dzenie peryferyjne
urz¹dzenie zewnêtrzne
interpolacja
justowanie
multimedia
naœwietlarka
minikomputer
rozdzielczoœæ
drukarka laserowa
drukarka atramentowa
sygna³ cyfrowy
czêstotliwoœæ próbkowania
program graficzny
mistrz klawiatury
edytor graficzny
wydrók próbny
wydruk nak³adowy
jednoczesna komunikacja
renderowanie
magistrala szeregowa
zanik napiêcia
sieæ energetyczna
niska czêstotliwoœæ
wysoka czêstotliwoœæ
SPOOFING
SUPERKOMPUTER
SYNCHRONICZNA TRANSMISJA
RASTER
dziedzina naukowa
TEMPERATURA BARWY
protoko³y transmisji
prawa autorskie
rozmagnesowanie
przepustowoœæ
ZEGAR CZASU RZECZYWISTEGO
personalizacja
aktualizacja
normalizacja
dziennik zdarzeñ
konwerter
debugger
kompilator
linker
drukarka ig³owa
drukarka termiczna
drukarka mozaikowa
drukarka termotransferowa
instrukcja warunkowa
instrukcja rekurencyjna
instrukcja wyboru
formatowanie dysku
benchmark
snifffer
adresowanie automatyczne
adresowanie standardowe
adresowanie wzglêdne
adresowanie bezwglêdne
œrednia arytmetyczna
sortowanie b¹belkowe
arkusz kalkulacyjny
modu³ antyspywarowy
skaner skryptowy
dialer
trojan
wabbit
rootkit
mata izolacyjna
apaska antystatyczna
listwa przeciwprzepiêciowa
kapitalik
wersalik
pakowanie danych
